This shelf turned out to be just what I needed. I tested m stove for magnets after ordering and the pull was there, but not very strong, so I was worried. When placed correctly the shelf is securely attached and should stay in place. It’s pretty spacious, so I still have room to add more items. I’m so glad I decided to take a chance on this item.
This solved my problem when my new Stove didn't fit up against the back wall, it was a 3" gap. I knew that meant sooner or later something I kept on that top sill of the Stove (oven timer, salt & pepper shakers, etc.) would slip off & fall behind the Stove creating a nightmare trying to get it back out from behind there. I looked at several Stove shelves on Amazon & selected this one & am thrilled with it. My gap is now reduced drastically & the back lip of the new shelf will prevent items from slipping off & falling behind the Stove. 
My only regret is that I didn't buy this YEARS ago. I have a teeny tiny kitchen, so every space counts. This gave me a whole new shelf and opened up a ton of counter space that had been cluttered with overflow spices/oils. Shipped faster than expected, couldn't be easier to attach, and works perfectly. My stove sits far enough forward that the shelf doesn't reach to the wall behind it, but since it has a little lip along the back, it still looks and functions just fine. If your kitchen space is limited, this is a great help.
I have precious few counter spaces available to me! For years I asked my husband for a small shelf on my stove of which he said the ledge of the stove should suffice. It did not! Items ALWAYS fell off! Cruising Amazon I found this magnetic shelf and ordered it hoping it would be strong enough! OM GOODNESS is it strong! It securely fits on the top of the range and is thin enough to have a variety of items fit between the top of the stove and the microwave. BEST purchase to date!
Thank you, snapped on immediately, strong. Happy I did not use the magnet that came with it. Matched perfectly with my black whirlpool stove, no more clutter, now I can see what I’m out of and, just replace it with those in the cabinet.. No more buying the same seasoning over and, over. Came sooner than expected.
It makes the unusable space usable! It is great. My stove tilts down on the top. So, I did reverse it and have the back side thst is seen against the wall in the front. It provides a lip so things don't fall off. I only wish the distance between the stove and microwave was a little more so taller things could fit over the lip and onto the shelf, but that is the oddities of my kitchen and not the shelf!
 On to the product. Zero install is right. Pull the shelf out of the box, let the magnets take hold, and you're ready to go. You get a little lip in the front to stabilize it and a small rear guard. It's not extremely deep, so you can't store a ton of stuff on it. As you can see, it does hold a nice amount of cups. This brings me to the only issue. The shelf sits at a strong angle (see photo) so you want to choose carefully what you put on this thing. I figured that cups would be too big to fall behind the stove, and they'd certainly be okay near a heating source. I have a new stove on order, so if the shelf angles better I might try spice jars. But bottom line is that this is a pretty neat addition to the kitchen, offering some much-needed and convenient shelf space
 My stove top is slightly curved so I was not sure if this shelf would work. But it did beautifully! The magnets are in the center of the shelf and help adhere it strongly to the top of the stove. I love having extra storage space for spices I use often in cooking.
 I'm very happy that I found this handy little shelf. I had some frequently used spices out on the counter next to the stove, and I just didn't like the way it looked and used up prime space. This shelf is a great space-saver! The top of my stove isn't flat across and has a slight curvature, but the two bar magnets are strong enough to hold as long as the vertical lip in the back is flush against the wall and the spice bottles are touching it, it doesn't tip forward.
 Was exactly what i wanted. Was a little uncertain about it because of the price. I decided to take a leap and go ahead and splurge. I am very happy I did. It can out of the box. It is well made. Its a good quality metal shelf that has a nice thickness and is very sturdy. It took longer to open the box then it did to place the shelf on my stove. 
 It’s crazy how something as simple as a stove shelf can improve your kitchen. I was honestly skeptical at first and was worried it would be a stupid purchase but now I’m really happy I got it. I don’t have a lot of counter space so something as simple as this really helps clear it up!
 All you do is set it on top of your stove and voila! I have a small valley kitchen and I am always trying to find innovative ways for storage. If your doing the same... look no further! This is brilliant and looks sleek and seamless and sturdy! What more could you want :)
 I tried other methods of keeping my larger spice containers from falling behind stove. None worked well. I order the magnetic shelf thinking I maybe paying a lot of money for something that doesn't work. It came quickly and sat in the kitchen for a week, until one day I unboxed it. I am very impressed with this product. It is well made and has two very strong magnets which are adjustable. It provides the perfect resting place for those spices we use most often. This did not disappoint!